[ominous music playing]
[gasps]
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Where's James?
They're taking his statement.
He'll be okay.
Okay.
[snores]
Do you want a drink?
I'm all right.
[machine whirring]
[liquid dispensing]
[machine clicks]
[Alyssa] I can't do this any more.
So if that all looks okay to you,
just sign at the bottom.
And then I can just go?
Yeah.
I've got a suspended sentence.
I know.
You're just a witness.
She's confessed to everything.
Right.
Okay.
What's going to happen to her, to Bonnie?
[inhales deeply]
I don't know. [exhales]
I don't think she's very well.
[clicks tongue] What can you do?
Err...
A bit more?
[exhales]
Yeah.
We'll need to speak to you again.
Where can we find you?
Uh...
I'm sort of between places.
Okay. Can I give
your girlfriend's address?
She's not...
She's not my girlfriend.
[James] But she was my friend.
-Thanks for waiting.
-That's okay.
Where's Alyssa?
-[Leigh] Gone somewhere.
-What?
We'll see her at home.
[church bells ringing]
[mellow country song playing]
[James] Okay.
-Where are you going?
-Thanks for the clothes.
James.
[James] After Bonnie,
after everything the night before,
it felt odd that Alyssa had just gone.
[James] Alyssa?
Alyssa?
♪ Give me something to hold ♪
♪ In my hand ♪
♪ Oceans, rivers, and hills ♪
♪ Hold me back ♪
♪ Always will be ♪
♪ The roamin' kind... ♪
[sighs]
♪ Each trip a new pair of shoes ♪
♪ Always blind ♪
[song ends]
Who are you?
Hello.
You're James.
Yep.
What, the killer?
Uh... yeah.
[inhales] Stay inside.
[breathes deeply]
I really want to punch you.
You can if you like.
-What's the point?
-Look, I'm sorry to bother you,
but is Alyssa here?
No. Why?
Do you know where she might be?
No. Is she-- Is she okay?
She's fine.
[James] At least I hoped she was.
Okay. Thanks.
[melancholic music playing]
[James] Dread can start as a small thing.
It's so quiet,
you can pretend not to hear it.
But it gets loud.
Really loud.
Ducks.
[James]
And you can't ignore it any more.
[Bonnie]
I think you knew my boyfriend.
People are supposed to get punished.
[Alyssa]
You think we weren't?
[James] I suddenly knew
where Alyssa might be.
Hi, can I borrow a pen and some paper?
Thanks. [exhales]
Can you give this to the woman
in the waiting room?
-The awake one.
-Sure.
["Swervin" playing]
[Alyssa] It's easy to feel like
you're not in control of your life.
That's because you're not.
You can't stop things happening.
You just have to deal with them
when they do.
♪ I don't wanna be in jail no more ♪
♪ Please don’t put me in chains... ♪
You should smile more.
What?
Well, it might never happen.
It has happened actually, so fuck off.
-Can you shut your legs please?
-Yeah.
Thanks.
♪ Then I saw you... ♪
[Alyssa] I used to feel
like I knew myself.
But for a while now, I don't think
I've been properly in my body.
You can think you've run away
from something.
But actually,
you've been carrying it with you
the whole time.
[glass shattering]
[door creaks open]
["Settin' the Woods on Fire" playing]
♪ We'll get hotter than a poker ♪
♪ You'll be broke
But I'll be broker ♪
♪ Tonight we're settin'
the woods on fire ♪
[song fades out]
[breathing shakily]
["I Lost Something in the Hills" playing]
♪ Every time I shed tears ♪
♪ In the last past years ♪
♪ When I pass through the hills... ♪
[Alyssa] It's like a haunted house.
Only I'm the ghost.
♪ Oh, what images return ♪
♪ Oh, I yearn ♪
♪ For the roots of the woods ♪
♪ That origin of all my strong
and strange moods ♪
♪ I lost something in the hills... ♪
[Alyssa] You can get stuck in a place
and not even realise it.
If you're not careful,
you can get stuck there forever.
[siren wails]
[Alyssa]
Like Bonnie.
♪ I grew up in declivities ♪
♪ Others grow up in cities ♪
♪ Where first love and soul takes rise ♪
♪ There where times in my life... ♪
[water splashes]
[song ends]
[birds chirping]
[panting]
Alyssa?
James?
Hey.
What are you doing here?
Why are you wet?
I went for a swim.
I feel better now.
What's wrong?
What's wrong with you?
The note.
[shakily] You left a note.
Uh, yeah, saying I'd be back later.
[shakily]
You said to look after me.
I didn't mean forever.
I thought you were gonna do something bad.
I wasn't going to do that, James.
[swallows]
[crying]
I wasn't.
[Alyssa] He feels really small.
I'm sorry I scared you.
[sobbing]
Can we get out of here, please?
[horn honks]
This is where they met? Your parents?
Yeah.
What were they doing? Dogging?
Sorry.
It used to be a park.
[cars passing]
He was sitting on a bench.
He told her he loved her straight away.
She was walking her nan's whippet...
and I was eating a sandwich.
It was... just like something
out of a film.
-[horn honks]
-That's nice.
[James exhales]
You don't have to do it, James.
I think I do.
Okay.
Oh, no.
What?
[James] I didn't know when,
but my dad had got a bit wet.
Oh, he's like a paste.
It's still him.
[breathes deeply]
[exhales]
[clicks tongue]
Maybe I just...
just sort of pour him.
[breathes deeply]
It's shit being dead, isn't it?
[sighs]
Yeah.
You miss everything.
[sighs]
I'm sorry.
What for?
For trying to make you the answer.
It's not fair.
I've been quite shit too.
I'm really hungry.
Me too.
You should have scattered him here.
I'm joking.
[Alyssa] I read somewhere that
if you want to talk to someone
about something important,
it's easier if you don't look at them.
It's less confrontational or something.
I heard what you said.
At the car pound.
What?
[James] I knew exactly what.
I love you.
I feel the same.
What?
Really?
Yeah.
-I...
-But I need a lot of time.
Okay.
And some psychological help.
And I owe my mum about ten grand.
Okay.
[breathes deeply]
But yeah.
["Then You Can Tell Me Goodbye" playing]
[James]
I love you too.
[Alyssa]
Yeah, don't go on about it.
♪ Kiss me each morning ♪
♪ For a million years ♪
♪ Hold me each evening ♪
♪ By your side ♪
♪ Tell me you love me ♪
♪  For a million, a million years ♪
[song fades out]